New Super Mario Brothers DS Video!
Published on February 11, 2006.
I found this on Boing Boing.
It’s a “leaked” video of the New Super Mario Brothers game for the DS.
Looks like the level is a combination of the desert level from Mario 2 (complete with quicksand) and has those platforms from the original Mario Bros.
Too bad Mario gets hit right after he gets the flower.
I wanted to see him spit fire!
Damn that annoying Lakitu bastard!
Another thing: When Mario gets turned into little Mario and picks up the fire flower for the first time, guess what happens?
Nope, he doesn’t turn into big Mario (that’s what would’ve happened in the original Super Mario Bros.), he turns into fire Mario!
Yes, the greatest wish of my 9 year old self has come true!
Damn, I’m a nerd!